Translator: Riyad Almubarak Checker: Hussain Laghabi
(Tech Milan): It was our first talk on Facebook,
Which lasted for three full days.
(Laughter)
We exchanged more than 3,000 messages between us,
Then I knew she would be my wife.
We have not waited for any predetermined time to woo each other;
We became clear to each other with the fragile facts in us:
I'm a transgender man,
Which means that the alphabet in my birth certificate must mean the word "fake,"
Instead of "female."
(Laughter)
Face the world as a woman
It was very painful.
That reduced my self-confidence,
And upset my balance,
It caused me pain with every step forward.
But today, I am a man down at my own will;
A man as I want to be.
(Kim Catherine Milan): I am a normal gay sex.
That means the sex that was destined to be my birth time
You are and still are a woman.
This doesn't make me natural or normal,
It is a method among several ways to describe
Our presence in this world.
The word abnormal is a cultural term,
But in this case,
Indicates that I am not bound by a particular gender
When it comes to choosing partners.
I was introduced in many different ways -
Bisexual and lesbian sex -
But for me,
The anomaly includes all these classes for who I am and I loved.
I layers and not parts.
And for me,
The fact of being gay
It meant that I could trust his kindness to me from the start.
As an aberrant and another transgender,
We are often excluded from institutions and traditions.
We create spaces outside the custom
Including time norms.
And in those 3,000 messages we exchanged,
We have destroyed time;
We misrepresented it;
And we put it completely on the table.
(Laughter)
Without the slightest demonstration at all.
This meant that we could stick to each other
In a profoundly different way.
So we are often told about this "golden rule,"
That we should treat others the same way we like to be treated.
But the problem with that
It assumes that we are the measure of others,
That is not true.
We need to treat others the way they like to be treated,
Which means we have to ask.
I couldn't assume that the kind of love Teck needed.
It was the same kind of love I needed.
So I asked him about everything - about his fears, his sense of insecurity -
From there it was our beginning.
(Tech) I didn't realize what kind of love I needed.
I was just out of a long year of haze
Where I was rejected and fully exhausted.
It happened that someone looked at me
He told me that I am unworthy of them because I am a transgender.
As well as the existence of a culture of non-love
That we created around transgender people.
This is cause and justification and is often passed as law.
I was close to grasping that message,
I don't deserve.
But Kim said I'm the perfect man.
With all the tragic mess you were on
(Laughter)
(Kim) My leg was already perfect.
In more ways than one.
Both poets, writers and creators
With a long history of community work behind us,
And huge dreams of establishing a family in front of us,
We share a lot of things,
We were also incredibly different.
I was a travel-loving person all my life and a bit orphan,
While he came from a big family,
He certainly remained attached to it.
I often summarize the differences in our strengths
By saying, "Keep me safe,
I will keep you unruly. ”
(Laughter)
(Tech) We have marginalized identities, but we don't live a marginalized life.
Being homosexual and transgender is about creating new ways of coexistence.
It's all about loving others as they are,
And not as they are supposed to be.
Kim is unapologetically feminine
In a world that is often cruel and violent
Towards women who feel very proud and free.
I did not enter this union
Under the auspices they'll be helping me or my help,
But it's quite complicated -
(Laughter)
(Kim) Right? Not so.
(Tech) But a human being is quite complicated
I have not been able to control, control or criticize her femininity.
It was her intelligence,
The pity that is obvious in her dealings,
She never loses her sympathy.
I have been my hero since the first day.
(clap)
(Kim) Our relationship has always been about freedom for both of us.
He was among the first questions I asked him
About his remaining dreams to achieve,
And how can I help him to achieve them.
His dreams of living as a poet,
To adopt and create a family together,
To live a life he is proud of,
Life can live up to his mother's incredible legacy.
And I really estimated that we could start from that place,
It is not out of knowledge
How do we adapt to each other.
I think this has allowed us to grow up to what we have become
In an incredibly different way.
I love him so much;
Before the transition, now and in the future.
And this love is the reason for our commitment to each other
Even before we see each other.
(Tech) Mom's biggest concern was when she turned
She will love me as I am.
Being a transgender, I was prevented from falling in love or bonding
Is it because I was born in the wrong body?
But this is the kind of structure that needs to be rewritten
To allow love to enter.
He didn't betray my body at all,
My body was not wrong at all.
All because of this restrictive dual thinking about sex
Who issued a fatwa not to exist.
But when we met,
She loved me just the way I looked.
She tracked her fingers with narcotic smallpox scars
Left over by surgery at the top.
The scars stretched from the middle of my chest to the outer trunk.
She said it was a reminder of my strength
And everything I went through
There is nothing to be ashamed.
So she was demanding to marry
The strangest thing I could do.
(Laughter)
It faced more traditional paths
Of love and emotional relationships,
Because God would not have blessed the union of people like us,
The judiciary would not have recognized it.
(Kim) On May 5, 2014,
Just about three months after our online meeting,
We got married at the doorstep of City Hall in Manhattan,
He was more than beautiful.
It's safe to say that we've redesigned some traditions,
We also kept some old ones,
We created something that suits us.
The bouquet of flowers and my dress was full of wild flowers from Brooklyn.
With a little lavender and sage added to keep us steady
Because we were so nervous.
A therapeutic friend, a wonderful sister, arranged for us.
I didn't ask for a diamond ring,
Because conflict and custom were nothing to me,
So the dark violet was Khatami,
Like the color of my coronary chakra,
And put in place with the birthstone jewel.
Strangeness is conducive to choices.
I didn't have to choose his last name,
It was no exception,
I did it because I was my father's illegitimate child,
Someone who has always been an apology, a secret and a fard.
It was incredible freedom
To choose the name of the man who chose me first.
(clap)
(Tim) So some family members and some close friends told us,
Many who were not certified while we were sworn in.
Appropriately, we posted our entire wedding photos on Facebook,
Where we met -
And Instagram, for sure.
We noticed quickly
That our association with each other was more than a union of two people,
It was a possible model for millions of LGBTQ's gay community
Who believed this lie
That family and marriage are something contradictory to their situation -
For us who rarely see ourselves
In the image of love and happiness.
(Kim) And it is,
That we are literally marginalized because of our identities,
But that strengthens us to be who we are.
Strangeness is our primary key;
Blackness is our charm.
Thanks to these things
In being able to be hopeful, open, receptive and transformative.
These are the things that supply us,
It is an incredible source of our strength.
Our alienation is the source of that power.
I think of the words of Ottawa poet Brandon Winte who said:
“He is not gay as a gay;
Odd as unexpectedly liquid and infinite.
Odd as an invincible alien freedom.
As odd as fearless of imagining what love might look like,
And pursue him. "
(Tim) We're part of a community of people.
Yes, that's great isn't it?
(Laughter)
We are part of a community of people who live by themselves
Within the gender spectrum,
Despite the threat of violence,
In spite of the current anxiety, there is always anxiety
For people who live according to their own visions.
Globally, every 21 hours a transgender person is killed.
America has beaten the number of transgender people killed this year
More than a year ago.
However, our stories are much more than this rigid division
For strength and flexibility.
We are expanding human complexity in these margins,
We create freedom in these margins.
(Kim) And we don't have any plans.
We create a world that we have not seen literally before;
We organize families based on love, not blood ties,
We also lead the compassion enjoyed by a few of us.
Many of us didn't have love from their families -
We were betrayed by people we trusted so much.
So what we do here is that we are completely creating new languages ​​of love.
Those related to creating spaces for us to be our authentic selves
And not to impose this standard
For what masculinity or femininity should be.
(Tim) We're interested in love and inclusion
As a tool for revolutionary change, right?
The idea is simply,
If we drop all our preconceptions
About what someone is supposed to be -
For his body, sex and color -
If we take serious steps to put aside these deeply rooted prejudices
And created space for people to identify themselves,
And accepting who they are,
Then surely we will create a better world than we found ourselves in.
(clap)
(Kim) We want to make our mark in history
To leave evidence that we were here.
We open small windows that tell about our relationship
For the benefit of our society to witness it,
We do this because we want to map the future
And not edifices for ourselves.
Our experience does not invalidate the experiences of others,
But it must and necessarily complicate this idea
About what love and marriage are supposed to be.
(Tim) Well, to talk,
And inspiration,
And the model of possibility that we have established,
We were never close to perfection.
We had to hold a mirror for ourselves.
And I realized that I'm not always a good listener,
And that my ego stands in the way of our progress as a couple.
I also had to assess these entrenched ideas and nationality
And that was in my mind about the value of women's experience in the world.
I had to reassess what it means to be in a relationship with my wife.
(Kim) And I had to remind myself a lot of things too.
About what it means to be strict about issues,
But soft with the person concerned.
As we were writing this, we engaged in a big fight.
(Laughter)
For several different reasons,
But we based our content on our values ​​and experiences -
We were really hurt, you know?
Because what we do and how we love put us completely on the front line.
But nonetheless, the fight spread for two days -
(Laughter)
We could go back to each other,
And commitment to each other and to our marriage.
This has really paid off in some of the most emotional parts
For what we shared with you here, today.
(Tim) I had to put masculinity into question,
Which has not reached the limit yet.
I had to put masculinity into question;
The poisoned privileges that accompany me as a man, don't represent me,
But I have to be responsible for what I see in everyday life.
I allowed my wife to take care of all the emotional load
About intruding and opening lines of communication while I shut up and run away.
(Laughter)
I was stripped of emotional support instead of facing my weaknesses,
Especially about the tragic abortion we experienced last year,
I feel so sorry.
Sometimes as men, we take the easy way.
So as a transgender, my journey is a re-imagination of masculinity.
About creating immeasurable manliness
With the power it has, the benefits it has,
Or any false control image that it can muster,
But working alongside femininity,
My soul is led by me.
(Kim) All of you ...
(clap)
And I have created this space for my femininity to bloom.
In a way I have never experienced before.
He's never threatened my sex life,
He also never watches what I wear or how I behave.
I cook but do more hygiene than I do.
And when we rush out of the house rushed
And we have a lot of connections,
He handles everything,
So I have time, to make my hair and put on my dress.
(Laughter)
He understands that this is my shield,
And never treat femininity as a trivial or superficial thing,
And this, which is -
It makes my experience with sex grow bigger by the day.
(Tim) I like to follow her in her clothes in the morning.
Looking at her in the closet,
Looking for something comfortable, colorful and narrow
And safe -
(Laughter)
But watching them negotiate their decisions is challenging
Looking for something that gives her a minimum of attention,
But at the same time it is an expression of the vitality and excitement it represents.
All I want to do is celebrate her beauty,
And all the things that make it beautiful, distinctive and free,
Like her long acrylic nails,
And even her stubborn black feminist.
(clap)
- (Kim): I love you. - (Teck) I love you.
(Laughter)
(Kim) There's a lot of gay and transgender people
Who preceded us,
And who will not be able to hear their stories.
We are constantly facing this re-history
We are clearly excluded.
It is really hard not to see ourselves there.
So for us, speaking out is about that representation.
It's about having models of capability,
And the hope that love is part of our legacy in this world as well.
(Tim) The possibility we practice
It's about reinventing time, love and institutions.
We are working to create the future of pluralism.
We are working to expand the spectrum of sex and sexuality,
Imagining ourselves in existence,
Imagine a world where sex is a self-imposed decision, not an imposed one,
And where we are a variable color kaleidoscope of possibility
Without narrow constraints disguised in the form of science and justice.
(clap)
(Kim) Without lying:
It's very, very difficult.
It's hard to stand up to bigotry
With an open heart and a smile above my face.
It is very difficult to face the widespread injustice in the world,
You still believe in the ability of people to make real change.
This requires a great deal of faith and dedication.
And more,
Marriage is a difficult business.
(Laughter)
Piles of dirty socks lying on the ground,
Sports programs are much more boring than I expected -
(Laughter)
And the battles that push me to shed tears
When it seems we are not understanding.
But no day passed
Without being grateful that I got married to this man;
Without being grateful for the possibility of changing minds,
And reward dialogues,
And create a world in which love belongs to all of us.
I think of our short name:
LGBTQ2SIA
Apparently, an endless evolution of self and society,
But also this overwhelming desire to leave no one behind.
We have learned how to love each other,
We have committed to love each other along changes in sex
And changes in spirit.
We also learned that this love is our chat rooms,
In our clubs, bars and social centers.
We have learned how to love each other for a long time.
(Tim & Teck) Thank you.
(clap)